## Telar CLI - Setup Telar Social on OpenFaaS

### Step 2 (General settings)

#### 1. Enter social network api base route.

The base api route is used for call OpenFaaS gateway. `openfaas-gateway + base-api-route`

#### 2. Enter OpenFaaS username. Default is `admin`.

We use OpenFaaS username to login with to handle some OpenFaaS functionalities like delete or deploy function.

#### 3. Enter OpenFaaS gateway e.g. `domain.com` or `localhost.com:31112`

This is the [OpenFaaS gateway](https://docs.openfaas.com/architecture/gateway/) address to interact with OpenFaaS.

#### 4. Enter social network base href. [Get more information here](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment/#building-for-relative-paths).

We use base href to build the UI base on this base href.

#### 5. Enter your social network URL e.g. https://social.com

The URL can access to social network UI and api which could be different with OpenFaaS gateway.

#### 6. Enter OpenFaaS function namespace. Default is `openfaas-fn`

Enter functions namespace, in the case your OpenFaaS functions are in different K8S namespace . 

#### 7. Enter docker user

We use docker user to push the image after build to docker hub. Docker user should be logged in before setup. 

#### 8. Enter secret name that will be created on your K8S cluster. Default is `secrets`

Enter secret name that you want to create in K8S cluster for social network. 

#### 9. Enter your KUBECONFIG path

In the case you want to use KUBECONFIG path instead of default context, enter the kube config path. If not let the textbox empty.